>> George Noory: You
know we all dream,
but not all of us
remember our dreams,
and then what do
they really mean?
Our special guest
on "Beyond Belief"
today, Kelly Sullivan Walden,
she's a hypnotherapist,
noted author of a bestselling
book, I Had The Strangest Dream
and also It's All
In Your Dreams.
Let's welcome to "Beyond
Belief," Kelly Sullivan Walden.
Hey, welcome to the program.
How are you?
It's good to see you.
>> Kelly Sullivan
Walden: So good.
It's so great to see you, too.
>> Noory: How did you
get involved in dreams?
>> Sullivan Walden: Ah, I'll
have to take you back all
theway to when I
was a little girl.
>> Noory: Then
let's go way back.
How old were you?
>>Sullivan Walden:
The first time
I remember remembering a
dream I was about four, maybe
five years old.
I shared a bedroom
with my sister Shannon.
I have four sisters,
but my sister Shannon
and I-- >> Noory: All
popped in there, huh?
>> Sullivan Walden: Yeah,
and my sister Shannon and I,
I'm close with all my sisters,
but my sister Shannon and I
are, like, kind of
psychic twins in a sense.
We read each other's mind.
We have a lot of psychic
phenomena between the two
of us, and we would often
do what twins would often
do, which is tandem
dreaming, so I'd
share a dream in the morning,
and she'd say, "I was there,"
and then she would
finish describing it,
and we would often share
similar dreamscapes,
so that happened
a number of times
so that kept us wanting
to remember dreams.
So it didn't happen every night,
but it happened often enough
where it became like a game.
It became this fun
source of entertainment.
We didn't have all
the video games
that kids have these days so.
>> Noory: Right, no we didn't
have any of those in those
days.
>> Sullivan Walden: Right, so we
had to use our inner resources
to keep us entertained.
I remember we were at a family
gathering up in Lake Tahoe
and there was some
older cousins that
looked at my sister Shannon and
I just sitting on a bench kind
of not even talking, and they
said, "You two look so bored,"
and I thought my God.
We are so not bored.
We're having this whole
inner conversation
about this vast inner
world that nobody can see,
but it's very real to us,
and we were never bored,
so that began the journey.
And then I became a professional
several-- seventeen years ago
with as a hypnotherapist
and started
working with other people,
not just myself and my sister,
but other people
finding that dreams
have a very real relevance
in our waking lives,
and how sad that
most of the time
they're disregarded as,
ah, it was just a dream.
>> Noory: Did you study dreams
like Sigmund Freud did where
you interpreted them that
they always meant something?
>> Sullivan Walden: I believe
that every dream means
something.
I think there's some dreams
that are the bigger dreams,
and then there's
the smaller dreams,
and then there's the
in between dreams,
but I think there's no such
thing as a throw away dream,
even one that seems like oh,
well that's just so obvious.
I was walking the dog
yesterday, and here I
was walking the
dog in the dream,
but I think if we look at
our dreams through the lens
of how could this be
informing me about something
important in my life?
How could this be filling
in a missing piece,
or showing me what's
in my blind spot?
If we look at the dreams
through that lens,
then they'll
usually-- they'll tend
to reveal something
important, and I've
had so many experiences where
that's been the case that it's
undeniable from my perspective.
>> Noory: You know,
on "Coast To- Coast,"
my radio show we'll get a lot of
calls from people about dreams,
but a lot of them
say you know what?
I know I'm dreaming, but
I just don't remember
what I'm dreaming about.
Why did they lose
that recollection?
What happens to that?
>> Sullivan Walden: It's-- well,
it's so easy to not remember
dreams, because if we look at
the levels of brain activity,
there's all the way from
gamma to beta, alpha, delta,
or theta, then delta
where when we're dreaming,
we're in deep delta.
The moment we start
to wake up, we move up
the escalator of our
mind up to theta,
and then if we jump out of
bed we're in alpha or beta,
but if you can wake up
slowly, that's the trick,
is to remain like to know,
okay I'm waking up here,
and to know that your
brain waves are starting
to change, but to keep in
your same sleep position
and you can make an intent to
remember your dreams so it's
like you're gently moving
up the escalator as opposed
to "vroom," and
then you cut the cut
the cord in a sense, so
it's easy to remember dreams
if you're in the habit of it,
and if you wake up
slowly, but if you're
like the average person in the
western world that bolts out
of bed and runs off and
gets their cup of coffee
and their doing
their emails, there's
no way you're going to remember
your dreams unless it comes
back to you, and then that's a
gift when it comes back to you
in the shower or
when you're driving.
>> Noory: Right, it doesn't
happen that often like that.
>> Sullivan Walden: No, and it's
like having a winning lottery
ticket that we just
went, ah, who cares.
>> Noory: Why do dreams
seem so realistic?
>> Sullivan Walden: Because
on the level of dreams,
they absolutely have a
reality of their own.
In fact, there's so many
indigenous cultures that
believe that the nighttime
dreams, the nocturnal dreams,
those are-- that's real
life, and this dream,
that we're having
right now, by the way,
we're dreaming this together.
We all are.
>> Noory: It's not a nightmare.
It's a good dream.
>> Sullivan Walden: It's a good
dream, but this is a dream,
but this would be less real than
those dreams that we have when
we're asleep, so they have
a relevance of their own,
and they seem real
because they actually are.
We're engaged completely just
because our physical body is
knocked out, thank
God, doesn't mean
that it's not absolutely real.
In fact, people like
Carl Jung and many others
have landscapes that they visit
regularly with people that they
only know on the level of
dreams that are always there
and have a very real history
where you can dialog with them,
and they'll tell you about
their family, their ancestors,
and yet they don't
exist on this side.
>> Noory: Where are dreams
developed in the brain or out
there somewhere in the universe?
>> Sullivan Walden: Thank you.
I think the answer
is all of the above.
You can-- I've interviewed
many dream scientists that
look at dreams from
a brain perspective,
from a neurological
perspective, so you
can say that the limbic
brain when we're sleeping
is what does most of the firing.
For example, when
we go to sleep,
our whole brain doesn't sleep.
It's just our prefrontal
cortex and our parietal cortex
that goes to sleep, because
we need to, because all day
long we're working so hard.
But our limbic brain, this is
our emotions, our associations,
our out of the box
thinking brain,
wakes up when we're sleeping.
In fact, during our REM
cycle it's very active,
and so from a brain
perspective, there's
all kinds of explanations for
why we dream and how we dream.
However, there's all
kinds of phenomena
that happens that can't be
described just neurologically,
that is about where people
predict things that happen way
in the future, or they know
things that happened way
in the past beyond what they've
ever studied historically,
or they're connecting
with ancestors,
and I have the chills as
I say this, look close
up on the goosebumps,
ah, where they connect
with ancestors that they
didn't know they had,
or family members that
they didn't know they had.
And they connect with healing.
I mean, there's so many.
I write about
several people that
have-- that had cancer, and they
were given a very short time
to live, a few months to live,
but because of a remembered
dream that came from God knows
where, not just their brain,
but from a higher
guide of spirit,
and because they paid
attention to that dream,
and then worked with
that dream, they're
alive today years later.
>> Noory: Isn't that amazing?
>> Sullivan Walden:
It is incredible.
>> Noory: And that voice.
They tap into something.
There's a force out there.
>> Sullivan Walden: It's--
I mean, we're spiritual beings
having a human experience.
We all know that,
but we really are.
We're not just these bodies.
We're not just these being that
have-- that check our emails
and do our things every day.
We're connected to infinity.
I told my niece that
once when she was five,
and she's like what's infinity?
I'm like that's everything.
Afterwards, she went, "Ah," and
she literally fell on the floor
and went, "That's a
lot," and so she got it.
But we're connected
to infinity, eternity.
I mean we are so where
do we put all of that?
It doesn't fit in our normal
waking lives for most of us,
except for you and your
guests and the people
that you connect with.
But the average
person, they have--
it has to go
somewhere so usually
is relegated to
their realm of dreams
and then forgotten about.
>> Noory: Why do we have so
many different kinds of dreams?
We have precognitive
dreams, lucid dreams.
We have nightmares.
We have bizarre dreams.
We have-- I had a pizza
last night type dreams.
Why does this happen to us?
>> Sullivan Walden: Because
we're multi facetted,
complex humans, and I think
our dreams are so efficient,
because we can have a dream
that appears to be, what I call,
"A sleep working dream."
>> Noory: Now what is that?
>> Sullivan Walden: Sleep
working is a phenomena that
a lot of people have in
the western world where
they're working so much by day
where their work isn't just
their work, it's their passion.
It's what they do, so they
dream about it at night.
My husband is a
composer and a director,
and he'll be composing in his
sleep so he's sleep working.
He's working it, and so he'll
wake up in the morning and have
brilliant ideas that came
directly from his dreams,
and he'll be exhausted
because he wasn't-- >> Noory:
He doesn't stop.
>> Sullivan Walden: No, exactly.
But with those dreams
we can be sleep working.
We could be solving
problems that
relate to our ordinary,
mundane, day in day out lives,
and at the same time we're
also receiving insight
at the same time within that
same dream kind of crystallized
within that same
dream, is insight
that can connect us with a
missing piece of our soul.
Native Americans call
it "soul retrieval."
We can be having a
soul retrieval dream.
We can be connecting with our
larger spirit, and our spirit
guide, and we could
be healing people
on the other side of the
world that we've never
even met before, all
incased with the missing.
>> Noory: What about the kinds
of dreams where we're running
and running and running, and
we're not going anywhere,
it's like a tire on ice?
Or that dream where you fall,
and you don't hit the bottom,
and I always heard when I
was kid if you hit you die.
What are these dreams?
>> Sullivan Walden: Oh,
let's address that one.
That's an important one.
Well, there's on
one level, we could
say that it is done
unto you as you believe
so if a person-- there's so
many different mythologies
that different cultures
have about what dreams mean.
I just talked to
a cab driver when
I was in New York last
week who's from Russia,
and he said, "If
you dream of kissing
a girl that means
if you meet her
it will be a disastrous
relationship."
I'm like, "What?
In our culture, if you
dream of kissing somebody
you think ah, that's
going to-- it's
going to go well" so we
have so many mythologies.
To me, my personal mythology
is the universe is on our side,
and that our dreams come to
us in the service of health,
healing and wholeness,
so I believe
all of the dreams, even the
scary ones, are good dreams,
are helping us in some way.
So a falling dream, for
example, some-- many people
in this western world
would say a falling dream
means that you're out of control
in some part of your life.
You're overwhelmed.
You've got too
much on your plate.
You're not in control
of your environment.
And then there's another dream--
there's a dream tribe called,
"The Senoi" from the
highlands of Malaysia,
and I love their interpretation
of falling dreams.
You're going to dig this.
They believe that
falling dreams mean
that there are falling
spirits whose job it
is to help you in the dream
time to drop into your depth.
>> Noory: And catch you.
>> Sullivan Walden: And or you
are meant to learn how to fall
well so if you land--
I told my sister Shannon this.
She's the one that I have
the dream connection with,
because she had a lot
of falling dreams.
I said practice falling well,
and she said, "Oh my God,
I did it.
I did the dismount like a--
I don't know what.
>> Noory: Hit the
ground and keep running.
>> Sullivan Walden: Hit
the ground and keep running
or practice imagine that
you're landing on soft clouds,
or you're landing
on a trampoline,
but practice landing, and
know that on some level,
if you believe this, you're
dropping into your depth;
most of us kind of
live superficially.
We are our resume
kind of a thing,
but we are so much
more than that,
and that's contained within
our depth, and the heights,
but practice falling
well so we can
feel more grounded and connected
to Gaia while we're here.
>> Noory: Well, like
our radio show Kelly,
we do take some phone calls
here on "Beyond Belief,"
so let's go to one
of our viewers.
>> Sullivan Walden: Great.
>> Hi, Kelly, it's
John from Sedona.
I was wondering is it
possible for people
to die in their sleep
while they're dreaming?
>> Noory: Now that's an
interesting question,
something that I've
always wondered about.
If somebody dies, and this
is, you know so and so died.
They died peacefully
in their sleep.
I'm wondering if it
was the dream that
scared them to death.
>> Sullivan Walden: Well.
>> Noory: How do we know?
>> Sullivan Walden: Right, or
that they went out peacefully
in their dream.
We don't necessarily
know, and it does happen.
People will have-- we, you know.
When we die our
heart stops beating
and sometimes that
can happen in a dream.
We can have a terrifying
dream that does cause
our hearts to stop in some way.
That does happen.
Although, and this
is another story.
>> Noory: I think
it happens a lot.
I do.
>> Sullivan Walden:
It probably does,
and that would probably be a
preferable way to go that you
die in your sleep.
I mean, that's--
I'd prefer to go.
>> Noory: It's kind of lonely.
>> Sullivan Walden:
Unless you're sleeping.
Unless-- >> Noory: But, you
know at the same time I've
always wondered about that.
If you die in your
sleep, you know,
other than moving on to
the next level, that's it,
peaceful, no pain, quick.
I kind of feel sorry for the
people who find you, you know.
>> Sullivan Walden: Ah,
well, yeah, that's true.
That's true.
Reverend Michael
Beckwith, whom I'm
sure you are familiar with from
The Agape Spiritual Center,
I write about his
dream in here, and he
had a dream in which he had--
It was a recurring dream where
there were people chasing him
with knives, and every night
he was able to outrun them,
wake up before they
caught up to him.
However, after months of this,
they finally caught up to him,
and he got stabbed in the heart.
>> Noory: In the dream?
>> Sullivan Walden:
In the dream,
and he died in the dream.
>> Noory: All right.
>> Sullivan Walden:
And then he floated up,
and he went up to a place
that he called "love beauty."
Inexplicably beautiful light
love, and it was so gorgeous,
and he said, "Wow, how
come I was resisting this
all this time?"
He woke up from that
dream in his waking life,
and his entire life changed.
He went from being on track
to become a doctor to starting
to study metaphysical phenomena,
and that lead to him eventually
a couple years later starting
Agape Spiritual Center which
is one of the biggest
spiritual centers in America.
>> Noory: Well, why though
were these people chasing him?
What was happening in his
real life for that to occur?
>> Sullivan Walden: He
and I talked about this,
and this is what
I believe as well.
Those people that are
chasing us, we could look--
I mean, there's so many
ways to look at it.
This is my personal
mythology, and he shares this.
That everyone in the dream,
even if they look scary,
even if they look
horrific, even if they
look like they're
coming to hurt us,
they're an aspect of ourselves.
They're an aspect of our
larger spiritual body,
and they're coming to
help us end a pattern,
so they're allies in disguise,
even though they look scary.
They look like they want to
kill me, but death in a dream
isn't the same as death in
this three dimensional world.
Death in a dream
represents an ending
of a chapter which
means the beginning
of a whole new chapter.
So it's-- they're allies.
Often in our dreams, if
we can stop and remember
let me turn and face the
person who is chasing me,
and ask them why
are you chasing me.
And if you can, say,
"What kind of gift
are you trying to give me?"
Then they might not
have to kill you.
They'll just go, oh,
well here, and bye bye.
>> Noory: Is that a lucid dream
where you begin to control
your outcome?
>> Sullivan Walden: Yeah, it
takes a level of lucidity,
and that's a skill that most
people don't have or most
people don't want to
do the work to develop,
because that's a-- it takes
a lot of practice for most
people.
There's some that just kind
of fall into it naturally.
I hate them.
Just kidding, don't hate them.
But if you don't
have lucid dreaming,
and you wake up from a scary
dream-- this is actually
my area of specialty, I
get so excited about this.
>> Noory: You get excited
about scary dreams?
>> Sullivan Walden: I do.
I do.
As a therapist, this is
why people come to see me.
>> Noory: Sure.
>> Sullivan Walden: Most of
their happy dreams they keep
to themselves.
>> Noory: Oh yeah.
>> Sullivan Walden: But they
call me when they're like--
>> Noory: It's the scary ones
that screw them up, right?
>> Sullivan Walden:
Right, well, yeah,
but I see these scary dreams.
A nightmare is an unfinished
dream, so I'm the finisher.
I help them practice
how they would finish
their dream in
their waking state
as they are simultaneously
remembering what happened
in their dream, they're
kind of in a bridged state,
because they're here,
but they're also there.
I say, "You're the
director of your dream,
so you put an ending on it.
You re-script it.
You're the writer.
You're the director.
You're the star
of your own movie.
If you don't like the way
it's going, change it,
and P.S., once you do this
enough in your-- with regards
to your nighttime
dreams, you start
to be able to see the through
line about how that works
in your waking life
as well, and that's
where it gets really juicy.
That's called "lucid living." >>
Noory: Oh, we'll get into that.
They say we dream all the
time, but we don't remember
them all the time; why is it?
Why does the brain
not absorb that dream
and carry it through?
>> Sullivan Walden: I
think the brain absorbs it.
I think our physiology--
I think we do absorb it, but
our conscious mind-- >> Noory:
We're blocking?
>> Sullivan Walden: Our
conscious mind doesn't get it,
partly because as I said
before, the different wave,
brain waves, switch
when we wake up.
Also, as I said before,
when we go to sleep,
our prefrontal cortex,
that's our-- that's
the part of the
brain that controls
our logic, our reasoning,
our ego, are all,
this is all the stuff
I have to do today.
That part of the
brain goes to sleep
so when we're asleep it's
our limbic brain that's awake
doing all the
dreaming, and that's
why we can jump from place
to place, because logic isn't
running the show, but
the moment we wake up,
our brain switches so our
prefrontal cortex wakes
up and says, ta da,
I'm in charge now.
I'm going to put everything
in sequential order,
and I'm going to
figure it all out,
and it doesn't-- it's almost
like they're two parts
of our brain that don't
communicate with each other
unless we practice building
the bridge between these two
aspects then we can have
a whole-brain experience.
But on one level
I hope that makes
sense why we don't remember
it so easily unless we
put some effort into it.
>> Noory: One of
your best sellers,
I Had the Strangest Dream,
what does that title mean?
>> Sullivan Walden: This is what
most people say when they wake
up in the morning, and
they do remember a dream.
I've heard it so many times,
and I've said it myself,
even though I say there's--
all of our dreams,
if they're not strange
there's something wrong,
but it's just a common
expression if you do remember
a dream, it was strange,
and it was supposed to be.
It's only strange
actually when you're
looking at it through the
filter of our logical mind.
But when you're looking
at it through the realm,
through the lens of our dreaming
mind, it makes perfect sense.
>> Noory: I had a strange
one a few months ago.
This was weird, weird, weird.
>> Sullivan Walden:
Oh, do share, do share.
>> Noory: I'm in my
house in my dream,
and all of a sudden people I
don't know start showing up.
>> Sullivan Walden: Okay.
>> Noory: And they
knock on the door,
and they walk in,
and one becomes two.
Two becomes three.
Three becomes four,
and all these people
are coming in that I don't know,
and I'm saying well, you know.
I hope you had a good
time, but [brief laughter]
you all have to leave now,
but they wouldn't leave.
More people kept coming.
I called the police,
I said, look,
I've got a house full
of strange people.
They're not leaving,
and you know.
It's kind of weird
because you know,
the normal me would
get pretty aggressive
and say, get out of here.
>> Sullivan Walden: Right.
>> Noory: But, you know I
was being docile in my dream,
just simply saying,
nobody's leaving,
and they kept coming and coming,
and then I woke up and it was
the-- it was so strange because
I was really upset that they
kept coming and
they wouldn't leave.
Who cares, first of all,
but in my dream state
it was like the biggest
issue of my life.
>> Sullivan Walden: Wow.
>> Noory: What
the heck was that?
>> Sullivan Walden: Well,
first let me ask you were
the people-- was there a
general tone that these people--
>> Noory: No, there were
all kinds of people.
>> Sullivan Walden: -- or were
they just like Disneyland,
like puff moments of
like-- >> Noory: All kinds,
men and women.
They just kept coming in.
>> Sullivan Walden: Okay.
>> Noory: Maybe they were like
my listeners to my radio show.
I don't know.
>> Sullivan Walden: Okay.
Well, there's a few different
ways to look at a dream.
I always like to say before
I give my opinion, if it were
my dream, I-- so that I'm not
taking any power away from you
to you have your own ah ha.
If it were my dream, I'd look
at it from one perspective.
I think everyone
from one perspective
is an aspect of ourselves in
the dream, so I would say my--
and a house represents the
container of our lives.
It can represent our body.
It can represent our
psyche, the-- >> Noory:
It's our privacy.
>> Sullivan Walden:
Exactly, it's our container so
having a whole bunch of people
come into my house, I would
say that on some level
I've maybe unconsciously
invited them in
because they represent
different aspects of myself.
If we have a dream
that we're at a party
or in a big public
setting, then it usually
represents that we're connecting
with all the many people that
live in here.
Often, I mean, there's
thousands of them
that we've got so many
sub personalities,
not like Cybil's
split personalities,
but sub personalities.
Men, women, children,
and they all
represent aspects of our own
power, of our own psyche,
of our own genius.
>> Noory: Well, why did it upset
me so much that they would not
leave?
>> Sullivan Walden: It
feels like sometimes--
I mean that was-- >>
Noory: That was my issue.
>> Sullivan Walden: Right.
>> Noory: They wouldn't leave.
>> Sullivan Walden: On one level
I think we can all say we want
to have-- we want more access
to all of our blind spots,
to all of our selves.
We want to see
everything, and then
when it's done unto us
as we've been asking
we say, "Ah, that's too much."
Often they say be
careful what you ask for.
I mean, on your show
you're constantly
bringing in people
that are representing
different aspects of
psychic phenomena,
and in the-- the flood gates
are open to beings everywhere
so on some level, you're the
host to all of this wisdom, all
of this genius, and sometimes
it might be a bit, even to you,
overwhelming.
I would-- on some level
I would say, you know.
It could be we could look
at it very practically
and say a lot of
people love you.
A lot of people would
love to be in your house.
A lot of people would love to
be invited to a George Noory
party; I would so
there's-- >> Noory:
I don't have George
Noory parties.
>> Sullivan Walden: Not yet,
maybe tonight on the dream
level, and I'm coming.
>> Noory: Let's take another
phone call for you, for Kelly.
Here we go.
>> Hey, it's Monica.
I was wondering if a person
can make themselves dream?
>> Noory: Can you
make yourself dream?
Can you create the dream?
Can you go to bed
and say I'm going
to dream about this
cruise I want to take,
and it becomes that?
Can you do it?
>> Sullivan Walden: Sure, sure.
On some level yes,
on some level no.
We're going to dream
no matter what,
and we're going to dream
about the things that
are important to us.
We're going to dream naturally
about the things that
are unfinished business
in our waking lives,
and about our desires
for the future,
so those things
are already there.
However, there's such a thing
called "Dream Incubation,"
and this is something that
people are very interested in,
especially since the
movie, "The Secret"
came out years ago,
people want to manifest
the life of their dreams.
>> Noory: I do that.
>> Sullivan Walden:
Yeah, yeah, okay.
>> Noory: It's easy.
>> Sullivan Walden:
Do you dream about--
you focus on something
you want to dream about?
>> Noory: And it
happens all the time.
>> Sullivan Walden: Okay.
Can you give us an example?
>> Noory: Perhaps later.
>> Sullivan Walden: Okay.
So with regards to
"Dream Incubation"
as if you didn't know,
but you already know,
you can meditate before you
go to sleep very briefly or as
elaborately as you'd
like, but focus on-- so
if you want to take
a cruise, and you
don't know how you're
going to make that happen.
You think about the cruise.
You imagine that you're already
on the cruise, what you're
going to wear, what it would
smell like, the salty air,
the people.
You get excited about it.
It's about the feeling tone.
If you can not just connect from
arm's length with that vision,
but with a feeling
tone of how it would
feel if you were
actually on that cruise
and enjoying yourself, and put
yourself there, like as if it's
actually happening, and let that
be the last thought you have
as you drift into
dreaming, it's as if you're
telling your subconscious
mind help me out
with this a little bit more.
Let's continue this, and make
it so it's a comfortable knowing
within your subconscious mind
and what your subconscious
mind accepts as safe and
real, and acceptable for you,
then it tends to get on
the bandwagon of all right
now let's manifest this
or womanifest this,
as the case may be.
>> Noory: What did you
bring us here some cards?
Dream Oracle cards.
>> Sullivan Walden: I did.
>> Noory: What are these?
Let's open this up.
>> Sullivan Walden: These?
They're just sort
of like tarot cards,
and these are based on 53 of
the most common dream symbols.
Here, you pick one.
We'll do it.
We could play it like that.
>> Noory: All right.
>> Sullivan Walden:
Fifty three cards.
>> Noory: I'll pick a dream.
>> Sullivan Walden: Yeah, so you
can-- >> Noory: What is this?
>> Sullivan Walden: You
picked the elevator card.
>> Noory: There you go.
>> Sullivan Walden: So this is
one way that you can play with
these is to pick
a card every day.
This is the most common way
that people like to use it.
>> Noory: Sure.
>> Sullivan Walden: And you
can think of it as like a focal
point for the day, and it's
based on dream symbols,
which are based on things that
we deal with in our waking
lives.
>> Noory: The elevator card?
>> Sullivan Walden: Yeah,
it's a common dream.
>> Noory: Now does that mean
my life is going up and down?
>> Sullivan Walden: You're
moving up in the world honey.
>> Noory: Or down.
>> Sullivan Walden: Depending.
So elevator is
about what container
is taking you up in the world.
What's-- what's-- you're
always wanting to elevate.
People always want to
rise in consciousness.
They want to rise in wealth.
Rise in well being, but
sometimes in a dream
you press the button and
the elevator goes sideways,
or it goes down, or you go
through the roof so to me
an elevator as a message,
there's a guidebook.
>> Noory: Is this a good dream?
>> Sullivan Walden:
Most of the time it is.
I think some people have
different experiences with it.
I had one guy that always
had these out of the roof,
over the top elevator
dreams, but there's
a guidebook that gives
you a message, a meaning,
and a mantra for each card,
and if you-- so the message
is something to think
about in the waking--
in your waking world so the
message in the guidebook
essentially tells you if you
pull this card that it means
that you're going places,
you're rising above,
and it also says, as
a little key note,
rise above, so if there's
any circumstances that
are like you've got petty
grievances, not that you would,
but if there's something
that's like bugging you
on kind of a lower
level, rise above it.
Remember that you're
a higher being
and connect with
your higher status.
And then there's the message if
you're-- or the meaning if you
dream about it, and then there's
a little mantra that gives--
you want to hear what
your mantra is George?
>> Noory: Sure, love to hear it.
>> Sullivan Walden: Okay.
Let's-- here.
Let's see if I hit no-- >>
Noory: And there's no question,
a dream state is a very powerful
tool in your day to day life.
It really is.
>> Sullivan Walden:
Yes, yeah, yeah,
yeah so here's your mantra, and
everybody who's watching and/or
listening: I am moving
up in the world,
and I grow from glory to
greater glory and glowy.
>> Noory: Is that because
I picked the elevator card?
>> Sullivan Walden: Yes,
that's your message today.
You're moving up.
Things are going your way.
That's what I'd say
the message was.
>> Noory: Dreams.
>> Sullivan Walden: Dreams.
>> Noory: Powerful aren't they?
>> Sullivan Walden:
Beyond belief.
>> Noory: Well, you know in the
dream state you can accomplish
a lot of things.
You can meet people
that you want to meet.
You can better your
job or position
by concentrating on something,
and it really works,
and if you don't think it
does, try some techniques.
Try to do it, and
see what happens.
We'll see you next time
on "Beyond Belief."
[Music_]